README.md, before:

# js-beyond-basics
This is a repository full of resources for JavaScript related topics beyond 101 stuff.

Primarily, this is a list of links I've found personally interesting or useful because the author is able to demystify a complex topic or explain a concept in an original or intriguing way.

This list is for anyone who is eager to learn JavaScript beyond what the myriad 101 resources will teach you. Also for me to simply keep track of resources I like... because I always have a million tabs open and I'm not sure I've truly used browser bookmarks since tabs became a thing.

These will be categorized into some form of logical order as the list grows.

If you have a cool resource you think ought to be included, PRs are welcome.

## Event Loop
* [Philip Roberts: What the heck is the event loop anyway? | JSConf EU 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ)

## ES6
* [ES6 Overview in 350 Bullet Points](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6)

## Scopes and Closures
* [You Don't Know JS - Scopes & Closures](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/tree/master/scope%20%26%20closures)
* [Node School - Scope Chains & Closures](https://www.github.com/jesstelford/scope-chains-closures)

Commit message:

Please let me know why your resource is awesome

README.md, after:

# js-beyond-basics
This is a repository full of resources for JavaScript related topics beyond 101 stuff.

Primarily, this is a list of links I've found personally interesting or useful because the author is able to demystify a complex topic or explain a concept in an original or intriguing way.

This list is for anyone who is eager to learn JavaScript beyond what the myriad 101 resources will teach you. Also for me to simply keep track of resources I like... because I always have a million tabs open and I'm not sure I've truly used browser bookmarks since tabs became a thing.

These will be categorized into some form of logical order as the list grows.

If you have a cool resource you think ought to be included, PRs are welcome - just let me know WHY you think the resource you're submitting is especially awesome.

## Event Loop
* [Philip Roberts: What the heck is the event loop anyway? | JSConf EU 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ)

## ES6
* [ES6 Overview in 350 Bullet Points](https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6)

## Scopes and Closures
* [You Don't Know JS - Scopes & Closures](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/tree/master/scope%20%26%20closures)
* [Node School - Scope Chains & Closures](https://www.github.com/jesstelford/scope-chains-closures)
